# TSDB Data Service Overview

The EnOS Time Series Database (TSDB) data service provides the interfaces listed below for developers to invoke for data and application development. EnOS TSDB provides efficient and stable storage management for time series data that is ingested from devices or generated by the stream processing engine. Currently, EnOS TSDB can store the following types of asset data:

- Original data of AI measurement points
- Minute-level normalized data of AI measurement points
- Device status (DI) data
- Generic data
- Power consumption/production data

<br />

For more information about TSDB storage, see [Managing Time Series Data](/docs/data-asset/en/2.1.0/howto/storage/index.html).

## API List

.. list-table::
   :widths: auto
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Operation Name
     - Description
   * - `Filter Asset Latest Data <filter_asset_latest_data.html>`__
     - Filter and query the latest data of a single measurement point for multiple devices.
   * - `Get Asset AI Data with Aggregation Logic <get_asset_ai_data_with_aggregation_logic.html>`__
     - Get the original AI data (or aggregated data) of a specified measurement point of a specified device within a certain period.
   * - `Get Asset AI Raw Data <get_asset_ai_raw_data.html>`__
     - Get the original AI data of a specified measurement point of a specified device within a certain period.
   * - `Get Asset Current Day Electric Power <get_asset_current_day_electric_power.html>`__
     - Get the accumulated power consumption/production data of a specified device from 00:00 (local time) to current time.
   * - `Get Asset DI Data <get_asset_di_data.html>`__
     - Get the status (DI) data of a specified device within a certain period.
   * - `Get Asset DI Data Duration <get_asset_di_data_durations.html>`__
     - Get the duration of different status (DI) data of a specified device within a certain period.
   * - `Get Asset Electric Power Data <get_asset_electric_power_data.html>`__
     - Get the power consumption/production data of a specified device within a certain period.
   * - `Get Asset Generic Data <get_asset_generic_data.html>`__
     - Get the generic data of a specified measurement point of a specified device within a certain period.
   * - `Get Asset Latest Data <get_asset_latest_data.html>`__
     - Get the latest data of specified measurement points of a specified device.
   * - `Get Asset Raw Data By Time Range <get_asset_raw_data_by_time_range.html>`__
     - Get the original data of a specified measurement point of a specified device within a certain period (including AI, DI, and Generic data types).
   * - `Delete Asset Latest Data <delete_asset_latest_data.html>`__
     - Delete the latest data of specified measurement points of a specified device.

## Request Method

TSDB Data Service support POST method. Except for the ``orgId`` parameter, the request parameters are included in the request body in the format of JSON.

## Common Error Codes

.. list-table::
   :widths: 10 40 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Code
     - Message
     - Description
   * - 0
     - OK
     - API request is successful.
   * - 80400
     - Invalid param error
     - Invalid One or more parameters are invalid. For details, see the error message.
   * - 80401
     - Assset unauthorized
     - The SA does not have access permission to assets. Check the authorization to the application SA.
   * - 80500
     - Internal server error
     - Internal server error.


<!--end-->
